hostware: Dump outgoing bytes - perhaps even as pcap file? :)

hostware: Allow setting measurement intervals on command line.

hostware: Allow giving commands on command line.

hostware: Ignore tty input after receiving an <esc>. Idea: Ignore
          stupid escape sequences.

hostware: For time series data, when receiving a value table, use
          the receive time and the total_duration to generate proper
          time stamps for the output file instead of just numbering
          the value table elements.

hostware: At least for time series value tables, link against libR.so
          and directly let R plot statistics.

protocol: Transmit total table size in elements or something similar,
          so that the hostware can figure out how long the currently
          running time series measurement will still take.

protocol: On startup, send machine readable information about
          installed firmware personality (time series vs. histogram,
          element size in bytes, number of elements in table)???

firmware: Start measurement without RS232 (pressing of a switch
          or similar). Problem: With what duration - from EEPROM?
	  Hardware: Pin PB0, internal (for now) pullup, switch to GND.

firmware: Device Signature

protocol: Migrate to CRC16 checksum using <util/crc16.h> on AVR,
          and TBD on the host.

hostware: Examine whether the checksum code can be made more simple
          by working with pure functions of the prototype

              uint16_t crc16_update(uint16_t crc, uint8_t byte)

firmware: Use <util/setbaud.h> for calculating baud rate?

firmware: Examine how doxygen copes with the new multiple parallel
          definitions of the same function/variable in different
          source files.

firmware: Examine whether e.g. the adc-int and adc-ext histogram
          definitions (which differ only in table size) can be unified
          into a common source file.

firmware: Generate build-time configuration information summaries on
          the actual constants, clock frequencies etc. actually used
          in the build. Idea: Put numerical values into const data
          sections named something like ".configinfo.uart_baudrate",
          and then extract all ".configinfo.*" sections at build time
          to make them into config info reports (and avoid linking
          these sections into the actual firmware images).
